welcome back to Channel Nine's rolling
coverage of Queensland's devastating
floods here are the latest details the
disaster has now claimed 15 lives
another 61 people remain missing and
police hold very grave fears for 12 all
at murphys creek Goondiwindi residents
in low-lying areas are being asked to
evacuate to the show grounds with the
river expected to peak at ten point
eight five meters in Ipswich 3,000 homes
and businesses have been inundated but
some good news with water levels
dropping below 17 meters there after a
19 point 5 meter peak real worry in
goondiwindi tonight our thoughts with
you there well we now get it back to
some of those incredible vision of a
rescue on the Brisbane River this
afternoon the yacht broke its mooring
late this afternoon this is the vision a
40 year old man can be seen on the boat
as it floats out of control down the
river towards customs house well the
hole was torn and the bottom of the
vessel on the boat was sinking and we've
highlighted a friend who happens to be
in a tinny that came along tried to save
the man you hear the reaction from the
shock people on the river Baker's boat
hits a submerged object
and then both a thrown into the water
your windows on the cartwheels he's and
stuff see haven't been sucked into the
strong current our both struggling in
the water is that water moves downstream
almost lost amongst all that promoting
debri lots happening incredibly we can
tell you the two men both escaped with
only cuts and bruises and police say it
should serve as a warning for everyone
not to go on flooded waterways they say
even waters that appear calm can be
incredibly dangerous well what's been I
often seen as heroes aren't they have
been in a crisis like this that's when
their powers are needed most from rugby
league to cricket many stars have been
affected by the floods and all the
others just want to help
if switch it's the town where Shane
Watson develop the skills to become a
world class cricketer when you actually
see places that you grew up with done
with your own eyes it's actually it
surrenders if I'm going to be trying to
come up your switches as soon as I
possibly can in between games to be able
to help out in some way up the road
rugby league star Chris Walker played
his first game of footy as a tomboy
living on such a high mountain it was it
was unbelievable to see my father as
we've got there all his life along with
my mother and they'd never seen any
before in their lifetime like it so when
I first heard the news and saw the
vision I sort of didn't believe it at
first and we're looking to take at least
four for NRL be teamed up there for a
bit help with the cleanup and and just
boost mirela Greg Inglis his family have
been evacuated from Milton
whether directly or indirectly everyone
has been touched by this tragedy you're
affected by that even if you've never
been to Australia and never been to
Queensland think we need to do something
special for those people saw that little
baby tsunami picnic hall at that flowing
through Brisbane and through the little
villages etc and it really hurt me and I
wasn't I wasn't I wasn't happy about it
going down to breakfast with me had a
real good grunts oh I thought of a
breakfast what can I do what can I try
and do to help out Kevin Pietersen
inflicted plenty of pain on Australia's
cricketers during the ashes but when it
comes to the people of our country he's
been happy to help setting up an auction
on his website that I used in the ashes
the one that I picked up first ball in
perfect you'll be happy to know anybody
in Australia can have that bat so
anybody anywhere in the world can have
that bat the shirt I wore the final dare
the ashes that I wore the shirt that we
won the ashes on in Sydney and then I've
got two tickets to the perf one day
international on this sick of februari
and whoever wins the price our prize or
bids the highest money I'll fly them in
from wherever they're on the world two
nights accommodation and hopefully the
team hotel them a big gesture but
remember even the smallest ones will
make a difference I've got friends will
probably have lost asses most businesses
and for me it's just you know it's
heartbreaking because you feel so
helpless here so i'm hoping to get up
that way next week and sort of do all I
can to help out I've got family in
Brisbane
even just now being a Queenslander they
see this devastation in Brisbane is very
heart-wrenching and not another moment
goes by when I'm not thinking about it
and just dig deep and then dig deeper
and then deeper still I definitely
pledge to everyone throughout Australia
please please help as much you can and
give as much you can because there's no
doubt that it's going to require quite
an amazing amount of money to be able to
especially to be able to get some
normality back into these people's lives
Oxley Road very very busy Brisbane road
look at that street signs the only thing
poking out isn't that terrible that
house
the house straight
we are driving a boat over the petrol
station
looks like it would have got up above
that awning to the pumps just starting
to poke out now at the top really
Buddhism
Lucius yeah the doors right into may
they were records from breaking stealing
stuff so piggy stayed here this morning
overnight oh yeah and you decide on the
hostage because my house and waited and
watched it and there's a few drawing
moments I can tell you there's a lot of
snacks to lost my brother's house and
tell me
granting time to just to get out and
then we had to make you a dent
like you just don't know
No
because business leader and really and
you still paying off
they go surf rescue not much surf around
here but plenty of need for the experts
and people to go around see if anybody
needs help it was a really good insight
wasn't it and an information hotline has
been set up for relatives and friends of
those affected by fighting that number
is 1 399 3 191 residents being urged to
stay off phones unless absolutely
necessary to avoid congesting lines for
emergency services that is our flood
coverage for this evening of course that
today show will be back first thing
tomorrow morning we'll leave you tonight
with images from today to the music of
australian idol singer Casey Barnes song
is called never break you and he's
donating all the proceeds to the
Queensland flood a pllc bright and early
tomorrow morning goodnight
you can't just
you